Steve Jobs elhíresült mondásai (eredeti, angol nyelven)

"Stay hungry. Stay foolish." (Stanford Commencement, 2005)

"You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future." (Stanford, 2005)

"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people's thinking." (Stanford, 2005)

"Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition." (Stanford, 2005)

"You've got to find what you love. And that is as true for work as it is for your lovers." (Stanford, 2005)

"Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart." (Stanford, 2005)

"Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life." (Stanford, 2005)

"Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith." (Stanford, 2005)

"I'm convinced that the only thing that kept me going was that I loved what I did." (Stanford, 2005)

"Getting fired from Apple was the best thing that could have ever happened to me." (Stanford, 2005)

"The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle." (Stanford, 2005)

"You've got to start with the customer experience and work backwards to the technology. You can't start with the technology and try to figure out where you're going to try to sell it." (WWDC, 1997)

"I've got the scar tissue to prove it." (WWDC, 1997)

"An iPod, a phone, an internet mobile communicator... these are NOT three separate devices! And we are calling it iPhone! Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone." (Macworld, 2007)

"Every once in a while a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything." (Macworld, 2007)

"Today, we're introducing three revolutionary products of this class." (Macworld, 2007)

"And one more thing..." (visszatérő keynote-fordulat)

"Boom!" (keynote-demók visszatérő szava)

"It just works."

"It's way better than a laptop, way better than a smartphone." (iPad bemutató, 2010)

"We think we've got something that is, and we'd like to show it to you today. We call it the iPad." (2010)

"The only word is magical." (iPad, Stephen Fry interjú, 2010)

"I think the experience of using an iPad is going to be profound for many people. I really do. Genuinely profound." (2010)

"It's the intersection of technology and liberal arts that makes our hearts sing."

"Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works."

"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."

"Good artists copy; great artists steal." (Picasso-idézet, amit Jobs gyakran használt)

"Real artists ship."

"We're here to put a dent in the universe. Otherwise why else even be here?"

"Let's make a dent in the universe."

"Why join the navy if you can be a pirate?"

"It's more fun to be a pirate than to join the navy."

"The journey is the reward."

"Quality is more important than quantity. One home run is much better than two doubles."

"A computer is the most remarkable tool that we have ever come up with. It's the equivalent of a bicycle for our minds." (Memory & Imagination, 1990)

"Creativity is just connecting things." (Wired, 1996)

"Simple can be harder than complex: you have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple."

"Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected."

"I want to put a ding in the universe."

"My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time."

"People think focus means saying yes to the thing you've got to focus on. But that's not what it means at all. It means saying no to the hundred other good ideas."

"That's been one of my mantras — focus and simplicity."

"It's better to be a pirate than join the navy."

"Things don't have to change the world to be important."

"I'm as proud of many of the things we haven't done as the things we have done."

"Death is very likely the single best invention of life. It's life's change agent." (Stanford, 2005)

"No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there." (Stanford, 2005)

"Here's to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers... Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do." (Think Different narráció, 1997 — Jobs által is felmondva)

"I have always said if there ever came a day when I could no longer meet my duties and expectations as Apple's CEO, I would be the first to let you know. Unfortunately, that day has come." (lemondó levél, 2011)

"I believe Apple's brightest and most innovative days are ahead of it." (lemondó levél, 2011)

"OH WOW. OH WOW. OH WOW." (Steve Jobs utolsó szavai, Mona Simpson nekrológja szerint, 2011)
