Peter Thiel — elhíresült mondások

"Competition is for losers."

"All happy companies are different: each one earns a monopoly by solving a unique problem. All failed companies are the same: they failed to escape competition."

"What important truth do very few people agree with you on?"

"What valuable company is nobody building?"

"We wanted flying cars, instead we got 140 characters."

"Brilliant thinking is rare, but courage is in even shorter supply than genius."

"Every moment in business happens only once. The next Bill Gates will not build an operating system. The next Larry Page or Sergey Brin won't make a search engine. And the next Mark Zuckerberg won't create a social network."

"Monopoly is the condition of every successful business."

"Capitalism and competition are opposites. Capitalism is premised on the accumulation of capital, but under perfect competition, all profits get competed away."

"Today's 'best practices' lead to dead ends; the best paths are new and untried."

"If you think your initial market might be too big, it almost certainly is."

"The most contrarian thing of all is not to oppose the crowd but to think for yourself."

"Secrets are hard but solvable. If you believe something hard is impossible, you'll never even start trying to achieve it. Belief in secrets is an essential part of the truth."

"Extreme optimism and extreme pessimism are both really bad attitudes, and they're somehow the same thing. I believe in human agency, and that it's up to us."

"I no longer believe that freedom and democracy are compatible."

"The fate of our world may depend on the effort of a single person who builds or propagates the machinery of freedom."

"Show me a good loser and I'll show you a loser."

"Every great business is built around a secret that's hidden from the outside."

"Most of a tech company's value will come at least 10 to 15 years in the future."

"Last mover advantage is about making the last great development in a specific market and then enjoying years or even decades of monopoly profits."

"AI in 2023/24 is like the internet in 1999."

"Value substance over status."

"Disruption is one of the most horrible, overused buzzwords."

"Talks are a substitute for action."

"Freedom lies in being bold."

"Everyone says Trump is going to change everything way too much. Well, maybe Trump is going to change everything way too little."

"I believe Christianity is true but I don't sort of feel a compelling need to convince other people of that."

"Run your startup like a cult."

"We have given up our sense of wonder at secrets left to be discovered."

"The bigger the market, the worse it is for a startup."

"Proprietary technology must be at least 10 times better than its closest substitute in some important dimension to lead to a real monopolistic advantage."

"Don't build an undifferentiated commodity business."

"Only one thing can allow a business to transcend the daily brute struggle for survival: monopoly profits."

"From zero to one: doing something entirely new rather than copying what already exists."

"You are not a lottery ticket."

"Indefinite optimism: the future will be better but we don't know exactly how. Definite optimism: the future will be better if we plan and work to make it better."

"Globalization without new technology is unsustainable."

"Science and technology are not the same thing. We've had innovation in the world of bits but not enough in the world of atoms."

"The future is not self-executing. Without a grand vision, you only make little bets — and little bets don't change the world."

"Party like it's 1999? No — think for yourself."

"In the debate between Strauss and Girard, perhaps the key issue of contention can be reduced to a question of time."

"One-world government is the Antichrist solution to Armageddon."

"Truth and reconciliation requires an apokálypsis — an unveiling."

"Diversity is a diversion from more important things."

"Political correctness was a distraction from communism."

"Red tape strangles science."

"Why it feels like we're living in an apocalyptic age."

"The most influential right-wing intellectual of the last 20 years."

"Stagnation thesis: we entered a period of technological stagnation after the 1960s."

"Orthogonal take on things."

"Loves to win."

"It was crazier than I thought. It was more dangerous than I thought."

"Politics is mostly futile."

"The best startups might be considered slightly less extreme kinds of cults."

"Creative monopoly means new products that benefit everybody and sustainable profits for the creator. Competition means no profits for anybody, no meaningful differentiation, and a struggle for survival."

"Winning is better than losing, but everybody loses when the war isn't one worth fighting."

"Do not ask for an NDA. Ever. You will be perceived as a rank amateur."

"Launch costs haven't come down in decades. We slash them by 90%."

"Thiel's Law: a startup messed up at its foundation cannot be fixed."

"A bad plan is better than no plan. Having no plan is the default option."

"Distribution follows power law."

"Sales matters just as much as product."

"The best sales is hidden."

"Founders are different from other people."

"Under perfect competition, in the long run no company makes an economic profit."

"Escaping competition will give you a monopoly, but even a monopoly is only a great business if it can endure in the future."

"Books by René Girard — the one writer who has influenced me the most."

"No Country for Old Men — a movie about whether all events are simply random, but also a work in which no detail is left to chance."

"Born to Win."
