When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.

Failure is an option here. If things are not failing, you are not innovating enough.

Persistence is very important. You should not give up unless you are forced to give up.

I think it is possible for ordinary people to choose to be extraordinary.

If something's important enough, you should try. Even if you know the probable outcome is failure.

Work like hell. I mean you just have to put in 80 to 100 hour weeks every week. This improves the odds of success.

If you need inspiration, don't do it.

People should pursue what they're passionate about. That will make them happier than pretty much anything else.

Constantly seek criticism. A well thought out critique of whatever you're doing is as valuable as gold.

I don't spend my time pontificating about high-concept things; I spend my time solving engineering and manufacturing problems.

Reasoning from first principles: boil things down to the most fundamental truths and reason up from there, as opposed to reasoning by analogy.

It's OK to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket.

The first step is to establish that something is possible; then probability will occur.

You get paid in direct proportion to the difficulty of problems you solve.

I think we should be very cautious about anything that is anti-meritocratic and anything that results in the suppression of free speech.

I think of myself as a moderate. I've spent a massive amount of my life energy building sustainable energy, electric vehicles and batteries and solar. That's not exactly far-right.

Am considering taking Tesla private at $420. Funding secured.

Tesla stock price is too high imo.

Next I'm buying Coca-Cola to put the cocaine back in.

I want to die on Mars — just not on impact.

We can't be one of those single-planet civilizations!

The future we're building is something you can look forward to and not feel sad about.

At this point I think I know more about manufacturing than anyone currently alive on Earth.

I was absolutely obsessed with truth.

Anyone who wants to make more than they take has my respect. Aim to make more than you take. Be a net contributor to society.

In the future, working will be optional.

The economy is 10 times its current size in 10 years.

Amazing abundance for all!

I love optimizing machines. It's like a beautiful puzzle that also achieves true usefulness.

Posting on LinkedIn is cringe.

The only way to solve global poverty is AI and robotics.

We want to do our absolute best to make sure the future is good — something you can look forward to and not feel sad about.

Make life multi-planetary, such that if there is a natural disaster or a man-made disaster on Earth, that consciousness continues.

If you're doing something useful, that's great. Just try to be as useful as possible to your fellow human beings.

Focus on super truthful AI — that's the most important thing for AI safety.

In 36 months, the cheapest place to put AI will be space.

I think the meaning of life is to expand the scope and scale of consciousness.

42 — but the hard part is framing the question.

Technology is a double-edged sword. Every technology that's ever been invented has good and bad uses.

There should be some regulatory body that oversees AI so developers don't cut corners.

Free speech used to be a left-liberal value. We should be extremely concerned about anything that undermines the First Amendment.

Build sports car. Use that money to build an affordable car. Use that money to build an even more affordable car. While doing above, also provide zero emission electric power generation options.
